what is going on YouTube this is Joan
series I'm sorry haven't been making any
videos lately um I really just haven't
been in the mood and tell you the truth
but um so yeah that's personal problem i
guess um so yeah today I'm going to be
doing a plug bot tutorial for Firefox
I've gotten a few questions from my
other video that I showed for google
chrome now may do in Firefox so um yeah
let's get started so the link down below
to a github I guess you tell it I don't
Jim but um so yeah here's the link takes
you here and it may look a little
confusing but you just want to scroll
down to UM words it so I scrolled past
it here it is installing install and
you're going to hit this little link
called this bookmark hit it and then
it's going to open up a JavaScript and
you're just going to double click it or
highlight it all and then ctrl C or you
can right-click and copy however you
prefer and then you're going to head
over to plug DJ well actually don't need
a head here yet just have your browser
your browser up and you're going to sit
if you are new like me or you just don't
have this up you're going to need your
bookmark tool you're going to click and
you get a view bookmark toolbar so
you'll have this bar and you may have
bookmarks you're going to find a blank
area you can't be over a link well
actually you can be all right so just
find your bar and right click new you're
gonna see new bookmark you're going to
click that and you can name this one
ever you can name this your mom you can
name this whatever i'm going to call it
blah blah plug dot dot and then for your
location you're going to paste that link
in that we got from the website so we're
going to add it and then get your way to
plug that DJ and here's some things to
know about this
if you go into a lobby of 786 people 786
people's names are going to load on your
screen so it's going to lag and probably
freeze up and crash not your computer
but your browser is going to come
non-responsive that's a lot of people
for it to load so keep it 300 you're
okay just keep it in those I'm going to
come down here um just click this
connect now I'm going to turn the music
down for to avoid copyright reasons oh
why do I still here there it goes
alright so now we're on here there's a
lot of people as you can see but I'm
pretty sure I can handle it so you're
going to be in your lobby whatever lobby
you want to be in and you're just going
to hit the bar the bookmark that you add
it and it's going to load and here it is
it gives you all their names um you can
click on their name and it'll add it to
your text so then you can say hello and
then click enter and it would say hello
and then you can Auto boots you can
disable it you can enable it you can
autocue where it will automatically put
your DJ's list as you see I'm not
clicked this but I'm already in it
because that was already checked say
there's this video you don't want to
watch you don't listen to or you don't
want something seen you can hide your
video Oh skip the video
um or you can disable users list so say
it's so long and you don't really care
for it you just want these little
settings over here just hide it um
there's also commands if you come back
to the site you got your features list
and then if you're going to plug by you
can read through this and learn how some
of the commands work um so yeah please
subscribe comment like if this helped
you and yeah enjoy peace